Excuse me, Judy.
Can you move your hair off my desk?
You mean my luscious fluffs?
You're getting your dandruff
all over my worksheet.
You know you like it, Stud.
So long and perfumy.
Seriously, move your hair.
Hi!
I liked you, you fucking asshole.
I loved you!
If I knew I could care for my family
during a terrifying and uncertain time,
with just a bucket or two?
Well, I'd be running to my pocketbook.
Not only do Aimee-Leigh
and I want you to be safe,
the Lord wants you to be safe.
Jesus talked to me last night.
Jesus said,
"Eli, you better get them folks ready."
"Y2K is real. It's coming.
And the church is gonna need help."
"I agreed to talk with you because
you're from Time Magazine."
That's a periodical I respect.
Your church raised an enormous
amount of money by telling people
that Y2K would bring the end of days.
It didn't, of course.
The grace of the Lord prevented
humanity from facing that disaster.
Indeed. You seemed
pretty convinced it was happening.
Do you think it's unethical
to scare people,
and then benefit from that fear
mongering?
Folks come to me when they trying
to make sense of the world.
I just help them as best I can.
So who was wrong?
Jesus or you?
Amber, baby, they love you.
You had them wrapped around
your finger at Parents' Weekend.
But this is different,
bringing me to your mansion.
- Oh, it's all so daunting.
- Well, better get undaunted, baby.
'Cause one day this crib
will all be mine,
and I'm looking to have
your fine ass by my side.
He cut my damn hair and
tried to Samson my ass.
- I wasn't just gonna take that.
- Tell your teacher or your principal.
You stay out of it.
You don't act like a lunatic.
- That's right.
- Tell me about it.
I bring my say and my baby all the
way here to get to know my family,
and we're instantly dealing with all
this, he said, she said bullshit.
- Suck my dick, Jesse.
- You suck mine. Judy.
I want a meal, boy.
Not no snack.
That was good. She's saying
that you have a tiny little tt.
Fuck off, Kelvin. At least I got a tt.
Not a tiny doll pecker like you.
- Not even any hairs or nothing.
- Enough!
We have a guest.
This is not the impression
we wanna give you, Amber.
My apologies.
It's a blessing to have you with us.
- Where you from, sweetheart?
- Kentucky. Just a small little town.
Is that human hair, Country?
You wearing a horse hair wig?
It's real hair. Not a wig.
Judy, why don't you slide this
chicken fried steak with gravy
right up your ass?
I wasn't trying to be mean.
She's from the country.
So I called her "Country".
All the best girls are country girls.
Ain't that right, darlin'?
Don't you know it.
If it isn't the girl
from the Wendy's sign.
Y'all got running water
where you're from?
- Of course we do.
- Well I don't know your life.
Look at you, just regular
ass shopping mall clothes.
- Your pants are nice.
- Well take a good look.
Because you couldn't afford this
if you sucked every dick
in the hills and hollers of Kentucky.
- What is your problem?
- I just know what you're up to.
Impoverished girl with big dreams.
Chasing all the riches and gold.
That is not what's happening here.
Jesse means a lot to me.
I call bull. You don't love Jesse,
he's a fucking clown.
When you look at his dumb face,
instead of seeing eyes and shit,
you see your ticket out
of the sticks.
You are very rude!
And you have no idea
what you're talking about.
Where you going, Wendy's?
I thought we were doing girl talks.
- It's our faith.
- Yeah!
Our faith.
That protects us.
Be not afraid,
for I am Daniel in the lion's den!
Amen!
- We'll see you next week.
- Good to see you.
- Thanks so much for coming.
- Sure. Hey.
That's lovely. What a sweetheart.
Thank you.
You guys were on doughnuts
next week.
J1013 AM, Christian Talk. Mixing it up
with the biggest names in Faith.
Now back to Skip Arness Show.
You hear the latest
on the Gemstones?
Their church made a mint off the
Y2K scare. Millions.
Attendance is down for the first
time in their history
and people are protesting
outside their church.
- They deserve every criticism.
- Did Uncle Eli do something wrong?
Your uncle was raised better, but
he's always been greedy for money.
- Y'all know that.
- Yes, ma'am.
I wanna be rich like Uncle Eli
when I grow up.
Don't you ever say that again.
That is not something to aspire to.
You aspire to be good
and wise like your Daddy, right, Peter?
- He is just a kid talking, May-May.
- Dummy.
I was just kidding, Momma.
I love being poor.
I still don't like that you all
got him buried out here.
It's a long drive for us.
Whenever I wanna spend time with Dad
I gotta get through your guards.
There weren't no more room left
where Momma's resting.
I thought about bringing her
here to put with him.
That's sweet. Then you can just
have 'em all, can't you, Eli?
We can have security flag y'all right
on through anytime you wanna come by.
- Our home is your home.
- We appreciate that.
We don't usually have
no problem getting in.
I made some sandwiches for the boys.
Might as well eat them before we go.
You all are welcome to stay
as long as you want to.
Nobody shit their pants.
But check out my newest toy.
My Lord.
Holy moly.
Coke White.
- This is yours?
- Basically mine.
I mean, technically
it belongs to the church.
But all I gotta do is use it in a sermon
and then I can drive it whenever I want.
- Can I drive it?
- Hell no.
But I'd be happy to let you
watch me smash some shit.
Oh, my God!
Hey, you know,
I saw y'all on the news.
They were saying you conned everyone
with the Y2K nonsense.
I don't know what kind of idiot
would buy into that.
When the world ends it will be because
the Lord has decided it's time,
not because computer malfunctions.
I never bought it for a minute.
I'm just relieved it didn't happen.
That's all I keep thinking about,
just counting our lucky stars.
Would have been a real nightmare.
Lord changed his mind I suppose.
Or people just made it up
to make money off it.
That's what the news
is saying you did.
It's times like these I sure am glad
my last name is Montgomery.
The way people would look at me if
my last name was still Gemstone?
No thank you.
You know, I need refill.
Peter, run out to the car and get me
that two-liter bottle of Fresca.
We got plenty of cold pop inside
in the refrigerator, May-May.
- Sprite, I think.
- I don't want a Sprite. I like Fresca.
- Peter...
- Sprite or...
Car.
- Run.
- Yup.
Say Say my Baby.
I got the Sega Saturn.
Have you played it?
- Momma don't let us play video games.
- She says the devil's in 'em.
Inside video games?
Just like movies, music, dancing,
cartoons, and Halloween.
We ain't allowed to do nothin',
except maybe go huntin',
make some traps, catch food. Not like
you. Y'all get to do everything fun.
Yeah, your parents suck.
They're strict as hell.
I couldn't survive under your roof.
I need my TRL.
I can relate, Judy.
My Grandma's real strict.
Never let any boys call the house
or nothing.
You had so many boys calling the house.
'Cause of your gorgeous red hair?
Raggedy Ann, surprised they even have
phones in the village you come from.
She don't come from
no damn village, Judy.
Stop making fun of people
for being from poverty.
Chuck and Karl are dirt poor,
it's rude.
Jesse, I'm so sick of you
showing out for your girlfriend.
You all don't make a good couple.
Behind your back,
we're all laughing at what a bad couple
you actually are. Hardy Har Æ dummy.
Why don't you go fuck yourself, Judy?
- What?
- It's a sin to swear, Jesse.
No shit, Karl. Watch me load
up some more.
Judy, you wish you had
a fucking boyfriend.
Don't be jealous 'cause somebody
likes me besides my own parents.
Unlike you.
No one likes your ass.
Hey Peter, come on in.
I'm in a bit of a pinch, Eli.
- Is that so?
- Yeah.
I got a damn warehouse full of Y2K
buckets and nobody wants 'em.
Yes. The only downside
to society not collapsing.
I'm in over my head, Eli.
I told you not to buy more
than you can afford.
You also told me that
the world was gonna end.
It ain't my fault things changed.
I got no control over that.
Liquidate'em. Repackage them
as camping supplies or something.
Hell, if I could count the amount
of bad business investments
I've made in my life
we'd be here all day.
It's the nature of the beast.
You win some, you lose some.
Yeah. I lost a lot.
Twenty-five grand,
that's a lot of money for my family.
That's everything
we had in savings.
Damn, Peter.
Why would you invest all your savings?
'Cause I trusted you. I wanted to do
what you were doing.
May-May is gonna kill me.
She's gonna kill me because
we're broke, 'cause I didn't tell her.
She's gonna kill you because
you did it with me.
I've never asked you for money.
I don't know what else to do.
- I could lose the house.
- How about I buy your stock back?
I don't know what to say.
I just got so greedy.
You thought you were helping
your family.
I thought we were coming to
the End of Times.
Did you really believe that too, Eli?
You think I'm just out there
lying to people?
Take us in through
the service entrance, Walker.
We can drive right in through
the loadi bay.
You got it, Dr. Gemstone.
That's the coolest thing ever!
And that is what you call
a moist maker.
My monster truck is the fuckin' tits.
- Jesse, have you seen my ring?
- Your ring?
My grandma gave it to me?
I wear it all the time.
I must've misplaced it.
When things go missing in this house
it's usually one person responsible.
- Who?
- Judy.
- You think Judy stole Amber's ring?
- I don't know.
She's been stealing
a bunch of stuff lately.
I went to the mall with her a few weeks
ago. I hate going to places with Judy.
Especially the shopping mall.
She steals music.
She shoplifts fancy fashions.
Tiny trinkets.
And some other stuff that
I don't even know what it is.
She threatened to cut my privates off
if I told Mom and Daddy.
Judy will do it.
I know she will.
That bitch could steal from
all the malls in America.
But steal from my woman? My queen
My Say Say my Baby?
She's gone one step too fuckin' far.
We live in a world
where material things,
wealth, status,
it means something.
Amen.
That stuff don't mean nothing
to the Lord.
So why does it mean
so much to us?
I think I know why. Because of
the people we love. That's why.
It can be hard seeing others thriving
and living a life of wealth, comfort,
while you watch your own family
not able to live in the same way.
Not given the same opportunities.
Or maybe we don't need those things.
It can be hard not to feel like
you're letting down the ones
that mean the most to you
when you got nothing.
You know what I'm saying?
You changed up the sermon today. I
thought you were gonna be preaching
about outreach, instead
you were talking about wealth.
- Well, the message seemed important.
- You've been acting funny lately, Peter.
The boys have noticed it.
Haven't you boys?
- Yeah, maybe a little.
- Just a bit quieter than usual.
Don't talk with your mouth full.
Peter, are you crying?
I made a mistake.
- I made a bad investment.
- Investment?
You tricked him. You've been pullin'
this stuff since we was kids.
- No, he didn't trick me none, May-May.
- You're a fool, Peter.
Eli did this on purpose. To punish me?
What did I ever did to you, Eli?
You need to calm down, May-May.
I'm trying to help you all.
I'm the one that's gonna get stuck
with all the overstock.
Over, overstock? You think
you're damn Sears, Roebuck?
Talking my husband into investing
what little we have into nonsense.
Complete nonsense!
That was the boys' college money.
He's gonna buy it back. We're not
gonna lose anything, May-May.
- Eli's gonna help.
- No.
We are not taking a penny
from you and your damn wife.
That money is evil. It rotted your
family, I will not have it rotting mine.
We have to. If we don't,
I can lose the house.
I'm sorry.
Let us help, May-May.
We're family.
Don't you dare make me think
you're doing us any favors.
Standing there your pretty dresses,
singing your little songs,
pretending you don't know
what's going on.
But I see right through you.
You enable his behavior.
You promote it! You and your whole
damn family! You got the devil in you.
You're about to see him if you don't get
the hell out of my house.
Talk to my wife like that.
I look at your ugly face
and I think to myself,
"I may be poor,
but at least I got principles."
Shove your principles up your ass!
You'd let your kids go hungry
to prove a point, you dumb bag!
- Thanks, Peter.
- Yep.
It's the way May-May's
always been.
Always trying to make me out
like I'm bad,
even since we was kids.
Now I gotta bail her husband out,
and I'm still somehow gonna be
the bad guy.
I just feel so ashamed, Eli.
I don't like being seen as dishonest.
And I feel like what we did
was dishonest. Not just you. Me too.
Dishonest is a strong word.
I never believed it was
really gonna happen.
- Did you?
- No.
I guess I romanticized the idea
at first, not civilization ending
but going back to a simple way of life.
Worshipping God the old-fashioned way.
Raising kids without
the trappings of all this wealth.
Sometimes I think that's
the best idea for our family.
Growing up poor
ain't all it's cracked up to be.
I think no matter what you do,
you're gonna end up with kids
who don't listen to a word you say.
It ain't that way with
May-May and Peter's kids.
- You don't hear them mouthing off.
- You don't see 'em smilin' either.
They're scared.
They afraid to speak.
You think I got heavy hands?
I guarantee,
May-May smacks the shit out of 'em.
That's how Daddy raised us.
Well, our kids ain't scared to speak,
that's for sure.
No, they're not.
It's because I only smacked them
half the time I felt the urge to.
Eli, I know they're spoiled.
But did we ruin them?
I would say ruined.
There's still hope.
- Even for Judy?
- Even for Judy.
She's just got some minor
undiagnosed mental problems.
Nothing a rubber room won't fix.
For her or us?
- She's a mess.
- She is a mess.
All right.
Get up.
I know we've knocked each other
around, but I never hit you back.
If you don't cough up Amber's ring,
we're gonna fight for real.
Understand my words?
I know you're not sleeping, Judy.
Stop playing.
I ain't playing like I'm sleeping,
Jesse. You're saying that.
- I'm just fucking laying here.
- Face me!
I'm trying to have a hardcore
come to Jesus talk with you right now
and you're being very rude
with your body positioning to me.
Why are you crying? Are Momma and
Daddy putting you up for adoption?
Can you just leave me alone?
Did you steal Amber's ring?
She left it.
Finders Keepers.
Her grandma, who is a dead
person now, gave it to her.
So you're not finders keeping it.
- It's trash anyway. Not worth nothin'.
- How do you know that?
I took it to the pawn shop
and Mars-Eye Larry said it ain't shit.
- Jesus, Judy. What is wrong with you?
- I don't know, Jesse. Wish I did.
I've just been getting
so bored here. You're gone.
I'm stuck with baby dick Kelvin
all the time
and I just get real excited sometimes.
I wanna do things my own way,
and when it feels like my own way
ain't workin' or startin' to look bad,
something goes off in me,
it just feels warm.
My ears get hot, I figure, fuck it!
They want it, let's give 'em some.
Word. My motor runs hot, too.
It's that Gemstone temper we both got.
We get that from Daddy.
Kelvin is more like Momma that way.
Handles things more like a girl does.
Just sensitively and stuff.
But you're more like me.
You handle things like most men just,
you know, fucking mash everything.
I think it's actually kind of cool.
You don't think that makes it
so people don't like me?
Weaks and wieners don't like you, Judy.
But who needs them?
The dreamboat who cut my hair,
Trent, I liked him a lot.
And he didn't like me back.
Made me feel so embarrassed.
Made me feel dumb for even trying.
Like, who is gonna like me?
Someone will, all right?
God will make sure.
Just like he did for Momma and Daddy,
and me and Amber.
No, Jesse. You and Amber are not
the same thing as Momma and Daddy.
- We're one true loves, bitch.
- Quit making me hurl, boy.
Why the hell are they still out there?
Can't we have them removed?
Legally, we can.
But, it wouldn't look good.
They are members of the church,
after all.
- What do I do?
- I suggest you talk to them.
Whoever it is, come on out.
"I won't marry you
if you're cheating!"
What's up, Country?
Jesse said you were looking
for a ring or something?
Yes. It went missing.
Judy, my Grandma raised me...
I don't really care. Is this it?
Found it in the toilet.
- Yes. It is.
- How do I know for sure?
You could be saying it's yours cause it
looks like it's worth a bunch of money.
There's a tiny cross engraved
on the underneath.
Well, what do you know?
I actually do like your hair.
I wasn't making fun when
I was asking if it was real.
Well, thank you, Judy.
Sweet.
Don't get a big head about it, though.
GEMSTONE SURVIVAL BUCKET
You crook!
You ripped people off!
How much money did you make
swingling people, Dr. Gemstone?
I never swindled nobody.
If you all wanna have a discussion,
I'm all ears, you're gonna cast
aspersions, I'll just go back inside.
Through God's grace,
we are not living
in the dystopian world that
Y2K threatened us with.
Prayers and the Lord our Savior
have kept us safe once again.
My predictions were wrong.
I was wrong.
The Lord sees all. And we will answer
to all of our sins.
That's just the way it goes.
- You Trent?
- Yeah. Who are you, Dark Man?
It's hard to admit you were wrong,
but I'll do it because the Lord knows.
So what's the point in hiding?
You think I'm more afraid of you
than I am of Him?
The world didn't end.
If this church raised money
when people thought
the world was going to end.
It's because they wanted God.
I'm standing here giving Him to you.
That's bullshit.
How are we supposed to believe you?
We will not lose sight of our mission.
And our mission is to serve you
in a way that is befitting of the Lord.
Put down your signs
and come back and worship with us.
We a not your enemy.
We love you.
And we want to help you see
the light in our savior.
That is our purpose.
Making sure we take as many
souls with us to those pearly gates
as we possibly can. Amen.
Amen.
Put the gun down!
Hold it! Hold it there!
Stay there!
Subtitling
FAST TITLES MEDIA